The simplest type of Kafka producer is the synchronous producer.
Synchronous producers send data to Kafka and then block
program execution until the message receipt has been confirmed by the Kafka broker.
So when an action happens,
the producer emits an event,
and sends it to the broker.
Broker then responds to the producer indicating that it has
correctly receive the event data from the producer.
Once that's happened, the producer will continue execution.
Synchronous production is fairly rare in the Kafka world,
but it does have its place.
Imagine you're processing a credit card transaction and the application
requires a successful message delivery before moving on.
In this scenario, it might matter a lot to the customer that
their data is definitely delivered and are in processing queue.
In that case, we can use synchronous production to ensure that the delivery is a success.
Otherwise, we can roll back the transaction.
Synchronous production is useful when you want to ensure
data is sent before moving the application forward.
This type of producers should not be the default unless you have a good reason to use it.